# mediekey
# Windows Keyboard layout for entering old books with the HP SK806a French-Canadian keyboard.

I wanted to enter a variety of medieval and early modern European documents, but found myself too constrained by the options easily available on US Standard keyboards.  At the same time, I wanted to stick with the QWERTY layout, because past experience had taught me that I don't change quickly or easily. (Most of my work is still done on US Standard.) I installed the Français (Canada) language pack, but on-screen keyboards aren't much fun for extended typing or more than very occasional characters.

I went looking for a QWERTY keyboard that supported a lot of additional characters, and found a $20 [HP French-Canadian SK806a keyboard](https://www.newegg.com/p/0GA-0012-006F5?Item=9SIAJCJ8HH2056).  It arrived, and I started typing, and it didn't work, and I figured there must be a magic switch to fix it, and... nothing.  Eventually I found the [Microsoft Keyboard Layout Creator](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=22339) 1.4 (MKLC), an old and dusty piece of software that wants a specific version of .NET to run.  It was reasonably self-explanatory, though, and I cobbled together a first workable version of a layout. The layout files are reasonably simple, but every time I want to make a change, I get to remove the old layout in settings, run the old installer to remove it, create a new installer from MKLC, and install that. It's clunky, but it's still an improvement.

I believe this layout supports all the characters printed on the keyboard, plus a variety of additional characters hiding behind AltGr. Most of them are pharmacy or German letter-combinations used in the old varnish cookbooks I've been typing in.

The key file you need from this project is [HpSK806a.klc](https://github.com/simonstl/mediekey/blob/master/HpSK806a.klc).  This contains the information MKLC needs to let you edit the layout or compile an installer that will let you use the layout.
